Update for EDL (#29367)
demisto/content: Packs/PingCastle/Integrations/PingCastle/README.md

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | API Key | The API Key PingCastle must use to send reports. | True |
    | Long running instance | Whether this instance should listen for reports. | False |

>     | Listen port, e.g. 7000 | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. <br>Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use.  <br> (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) If you do not enter a Listen Port, an unused port for the EDL will automatically be generated when the instance is saved. However, if using an engine, you must enter a Listen Port.  | False |

Author: ```suggestion
    | Listen port, e.g. 7000 | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. <br>Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use.  <br> (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) If you do not enter a Listen Port, an unused port for Ping Castle will automatically be generated when the instance is saved. However, if using an engine, you must enter a Listen Port.  | False |
```
